the ship is something that the fans invented,
I didn't know Mr. Cry before
the ship, it was the same fans of
him and I who started inventing
that there was a love interest between them,
so we agreed to do a
collaboration, ugh, here she is already
telling you, little eyes
from smoking
joints, the theme of the song we had
together, the trip to Japan and in general
our social interaction has
cooled off and has lowered quite a bit, one does
nothing but it doesn't all depend on
one's attitude, I'm not like him, they
have fought, they have fought, there is
bad vibes here, I have not done anything, I have not
done anything to him, it's all because of
third party things and well, I understand the truth, I
understand his decisions and if she
is better off like this, then what am I going to do,
not a Hello, she's coming, but she'll be
leaving soon